You've stumbled into the Fat Dragon.  You find yourself standing
near a copse of trees in the middle of a field, but you seem to
be lost....

Suddenly, right before you, a grizzled-looking hacker with long,
scraggly hair and copious amounts of facial scruff materializes,
seemingly from thin air.  He looks kind of like Richard
Stallman, but younger and thinner.

"So you want some help, eh?" he says, eying you up and down.
"Well, they used to say that Unix helps those who help
themselves, but things are a bit different around here, and
besides, that was a long time ago."

"Listen, you're logged into fat-dragon.org, which is sort of
a cross between a BBS, a MUD/MUX/MUSH and a public access
time-sharing system running Unix.  This is the default user
interface; it's a special shell that implements the BBS and
MUD functionality.

"The system is map-based.  You can navigate by using the
cardinal directions ('north', 'south', 'east' and 'west') as
well as 'up' and 'down'.  You can look around by typing, 'look';
that will tell you where else you can go from a particular area.
You can go directly to a specific area by using the 'teleport'
command; 'cd' is an alias for 'teleport'.

"A lot of Unix commands are available, but if you really want to
use Unix, I suggest going to a real shell.  You can do that at
any time by typing 'unix'; that puts you into 'bash' by
default.  If you want to use a different shell when you login,
then run 'chsh' to change to something else.  You can always
re-enter the bbs by running the 'bbs' command.

"If you want to explore Unix but aren't used to Unix already,
then check out Midnight Commander: run it by typing 'mc'.

"You can run the following Unix commands directly:

	bbs	(access the Notesfile BBS)
        cat
	clear
	df
	env	(print environment variables)
	help    (what you're reading right now)
	finger
	fortune
	lc	(this is the same as ls for these purposes)
	ls
	man
	mc	(midnight commander)
        passwd
        pg      (sort of like more)
	ps
	pwd
	who
	unix	(access the Unix shell)

"Also, you can leave by typing any of exit, quit, bye,
logout or logoff.

"Some of these commands don't do quite what you're expecting
them to do, but others will be very familiar if you are used to
Unix or Linux.  There are also some surprises, so be careful.

"Good luck, kid.

With that, he disappears into a fog of line printer chaf and
IBM 1403 ribbons and a coredump from the CMD JSYS leaving
you alone and back at...
